[Music]
[Applause]
Tiffany what's the best thing about
white people I mean it depends on a
person like son cuz some white guys they
take they shirt off and I'm like nipples
that's crazy I know I can't figure it
out either do you think you would thrive
in space I know I would thrive his face
you would if there was a man there with
me if there's a familiar I'm not gonna
thrive why because we can't reproduce
what if it was in an old man that's fine
I'm fine yeah that's gonna be alright
I'll change his face diaper okay if you
had a robot Butler what would you name
it I would name me James oh thank you
is that cuz of me no I just like the
name James like the King Oh
and y'all name is Jimmy yeah but my name
is James that's a real name I didn't
know that I feel like you're mad and
they'd like somebody about to get a
credit check you know what I tell the
toast - James yes - Jay the king - oh
you know what else is really good about
my people would inheritances yeah you
got my hair it says don't you I mean I
don't know if my dad's leaving me
anything but when I bet y'all don't have
to be like do fish fries and car washes
to like bury a family member no yeah
you're right
you know our house will all probably
won't have thank you I have serach peach
the answer to all of life's ridiculous
questions
[Applause]